Docs/fix cross account section in cloudwatch doc (#65572)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/aws-cloudwatch/query-editor/index.md

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/v70/explore-mode-switcher.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--right" caption="Explore mode switcher" >}}

## Cross-account observability

> The CloudWatch plugin provides the ability to monitor and troubleshoot applications that span across multiple accounts within a region. Using cross-account observability, you can seamlessly search, visualize and analyze metrics and logs, without having to worry about account boundaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CloudWatch plugin provides the ability to monitor and troubleshoot applications that span across multiple accounts within a region. Using cross-account observability, you can seamlessly search, visualize and analyze metrics and logs without worrying about account boundaries.
```

### Getting started

> To enable cross-account observability, first enable it in CloudWatch using the official [CloudWatch docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch-Unified-Cross-Account.html), then add [two new API actions](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/aws-cloudwatch/#cross-account-observability) to the IAM policy attached to the role/user running the plugin.

Reviewer: You've got two steps in here, I wonder if numbered step formatting would make this content easier to parse?

Author: done - please review

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/v70/explore-mode-switcher.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--right" caption="Explore mode switcher" >}}

## Cross-account observability

> The CloudWatch plugin provides the ability to monitor and troubleshoot applications that span multiple accounts within a region. Using cross-account observability, you can seamlessly search, visualize and analyze metrics and logs without worrying about account boundaries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CloudWatch plugin allows monitoring and troubleshooting applications that span multiple accounts within a region. Using cross-account observability, you can seamlessly search, visualize, and analyze metrics and logs without worrying about account boundaries.
```

> The CloudWatch plugin provides the ability to monitor and troubleshoot applications that span across multiple accounts within a region. Using cross-account observability, you can seamlessly search, visualize and analyze metrics and logs without worrying about account boundaries.

Reviewer: do we need the word 'across'?

Author: removed!

> ### Getting started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get started
```

> To enable cross-account observability do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable cross-account observability, complete the following steps:
```

1. Go to the [Amazon CloudWatch docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch-Unified-Cross-Account.html) and follow the instructions on enabling cross-account observability.

> 1. Add [two new API actions](/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/aws-cloudwatch/#cross-account-observability-permissions) to the IAM policy attached to the role/user running the plugin.

Reviewer: question about this one. Is the name of the section you are linking to called "two new API actions"? We want the link name to be the heading title. Also the concept of 'adding new' makes my mind melt because the word 'add' implies 'new', so 'add new' is redundant. Can this just be 'add two api actions'?

{{< figure src="/static/img/docs/v70/explore-mode-switcher.png" max-width="500px" class="docs-image--right" caption="Explore mode switcher" >}}

## Cross-account observability

The CloudWatch plugin provides the ability to monitor and troubleshoot applications that span across multiple accounts within a region. Using cross-account observability, you can seamlessly search, visualize and analyze metrics and logs without worrying about account boundaries.

### Getting started

> <!-- To enable cross-account observability, first enable it in CloudWatch using the official [CloudWatch docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch-Unified-Cross-Account.html), then add [two new API actions](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/aws-cloudwatch/#cross-account-observability) to the IAM policy attached to the role/user running the plugin. -->

Reviewer 2: This comment can likely be removed since the content exists below

To enable cross-account observability do the following:

> 1. Go to the official [CloudWatch docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch-Unified-Cross-Account.html) and follow the instructions on enabling cross-account observability.

Author: Should this be AWS or Amazon?  I'd suggest Amazon.

> To enable cross-account observability, first enable it in CloudWatch using the official [CloudWatch docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch-Unified-Cross-Account.html), then add [two new API actions](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/aws-cloudwatch/#cross-account-observability) to the IAM policy attached to the role/user running the plugin.

Author: @sarahzinger can you send the url to what you want this to point to?  I am having a hard time finding it in the latest version.

> To enable cross-account observability, first enable it in CloudWatch using the official [CloudWatch docs](http://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonCloudWatch/latest/monitoring/CloudWatch-Unified-Cross-Account.html), then add [two new API actions](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/datasources/aws-cloudwatch/#cross-account-observability) to the IAM policy attached to the role/user running the plugin.

Author: fixed!
